Persona: single-account-single-customer

photo:

Fictional name: George Johnson
Location: Seatle, America

Vocation: 
Occupation: Aerospace Engineer;
Work Age: 2 years;
Diploma: Master of Aerospace Engneering;

Financial Condition: 
Salary: 10,000 dollars per month; 
Income: Salary only;
Saving: 10,000 dollars;
He wants to save 4,000 dollars every month to buy a car. 
He need remains 2000 dollars for the house rent.

Daily Life:
Marital status: Single;
Family Status: has parents and a brother;

Custom and Habit:
He prefers to pay by credit card. 
he like playing video game and watch science fiction movie for entertainment, which spend 200 dollars a month.
And He spends 30 dollars for eating every day. 
Otherwise, he spends 10 dollars every day for public transport.

Requirement: 
Want to use this application to konw how much he really spends on the different categories and use it to make a consumption plan every month to help him to maximize money he can move into savings at the end of month. 
He wants to collect the situations of everyday eating and shopping in credit card.
Moreover, he also would like to leave money that sit aside for  video game spending. 
 





Persona: joint-account user

photo:

Fictional name: Cuihua ZHOU

Job title/major responsibilities: 
Company: Transnational company;
Occupation: Senior executives;
Diploma: Master of Business, UNNC;

Age:42
Location: China

Demographics:     
Marital status: married;
Family Status: has parents,husband; she is a mother of two children.
She also gives her two children 3000 yuan every one for pocket money. 

Financial Condition: 
She has 30,000 yuan per month for salary.
Her husband hais 45,000 yuan per month for salary.
10,000 yuan for the rent collection of house.

Requirement: 
Want to use this application to collect the total outcome and income of the whole family each month. 
She wants to distribute 10,000 yuan to buy the daily things (for example,cosmetics and cloths) and food. 
She wants the application could import the custom records manually.
 
Custom and Habit:
She prefers to use mobile pay (Wechat pay). 
She likes travelling around the world so that she will arrange a famlity trip every month. 
She organizes a family trip every month which costs about 20,000 yuan. 
She also will buy some gifts for her husband and children, which is uncertain and might from 1,000 yuan to 10,0000 yuan.